Think.
Thought.
Mary likes to think before acting.
She thought long and hard about her decision.
She's thought about it every day since.
Say.
Said.
Leo wants to say something important.
He said it yesterday at the meeting.
He's said it many times now.
Find.
Found.
Sue hopes to find her keys.
She found them under the couch last night.
She's found things in stranger places before.
Give.
Gave.
Given.
Tim tries to give compliments.
He gave one to his teacher yesterday.
He's given them to many people lately.
Tell.
Told.
Sarah wants to tell a secret.
She told it to her best friend.
She's told many more since then.
Become.
Became.
John wants to become an actor.
He became interested after watching a play.
He's become more confident in performing.
Begin.
Began.
Sam wants to begin writing a book.
He began last month but got stuck.
He's begun rewriting it now.
Showed.
Shown.
Jane wants to show her art.
She showed it at a gallery last year.
She's shown it at many places since.
Leave.
Left.
Mark tries to leave on time.
He left late yesterday, though.
He's left early before but always gets delayed.
Feel.
Felt.
Emma loves to feel happy.
Yesterday, she felt amazing after a good workout.
She's felt energetic all week.
It was not something that we shut away.
Bye.